Adding notes describing how to work with Canary (#714)
Azure/azure-libraries-for-java: dev-notes/JavaSDK_With_CanarySubscriptions.md

### Using Java SDK with Canary enabled subscriptions

There are two canary regions:

```
Central US EUAP
East US 2 EUAP
```

> If you have an Azure subscription whitelisted for Canary then you can use it as usual with canary regions.

Reviewer: Suggestion :
It would be nice to make it clear that they need a whitelisted subscription and help the customer with a link to instructions on how to get whitelisted.I would reword this sentence something like :
```suggestion
You need to have a subscription whitelisted to be able to work with Canary regions. Go [here](<link to the site here>) for instructions on how to get a subscription whitelisted.
```

Author: thanks for rewording, I incorporated it but as discussed offline link is not added.

> As usual create credentials instance and use it to initialize Azure client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create credentials for initializing an azure client instance. You can use the following sample for guidance :
```

Author: Done

```java
final String clientId = “<clientId>”;
final String tenantId = “<tenanId>”;
final String clientSecret = “<clientSecret>”;

> final String subscriptionId = “<subscriptionId>”; // Regular azure subscription whitelisted for Canary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
final String subscriptionId = “<subscriptionId>”; // The azure subscription whitelisted for Canary access
```

ApplicationTokenCredentials credentials = new ApplicationTokenCredentials(clientId, tenantId, clientSecret, AzureEnvironment.AZURE);

Azure azure = Azure.configure()
        .withLogLevel(LogLevel.BODY_AND_HEADERS)
        .authenticate(credentials)
        .withSubscription(subscriptionId);

```

Use one of the canary region when creating resources

```java
String rgName = "<new-resource-group-name>";
        
azure.resourceGroups().define(rgName)
            .withRegion("Central US EUAP") // Canary region as string
            .create();

```

> you can also pass strongly typed region:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass a strongly typed region:
```

Author: done
